Updates for Cloud MFA and 2FA content (#7530)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-enable-mfa-enforcement.md

functional_areas:
  - Cloud
  - Configuration
  - Security
  - Compliance
  
redirect_from:
  - /cloud/project/project-enable-mfa-project.html
---

{%include cloud/beta-release-content-warning.md%}

> For added security, {{site.data.var.ece}} provides mutltifactor authentication (MFA) enforcement to manage authentication requirements for SSH access to Cloud environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For added security, {{site.data.var.ece}} provides multifactor authentication (MFA) enforcement to manage authentication requirements for SSH access to Cloud environments.
```

> For added security, {{site.data.var.ece}} provides a mutlitfactor authentication (MFA) enforcement feature to manage authentication requirements for SSH access to Cloud environments.

Reviewer: There’s a typo  “mutlitfactor authentication” in the first sentence. Also the word "feature" isn't necessary. It's just a filler word.
```suggestion
For added security, {{site.data.var.ece}} provides mutltifactor authentication (MFA) enforcement to manage authentication requirements for SSH access to Cloud environments.
```

> For added security, {{site.data.var.ece}} provides a mutlitfactor authentication (MFA) enforcement feature to manage authentication requirements for SSH access to Cloud environments.

Reviewer: It's also misspelled "mutlitfactor"

> For added security, {{site.data.var.ece}} provides a mutlitfactor authentication (MFA) enforcement feature to manage authentication requirements for SSH access to Cloud environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For added security, {{site.data.var.ece}} provides a multifactor authentication (MFA) enforcement feature to manage authentication requirements for SSH access to Cloud environments.
```

> When MFA enforcement is enabled on a project, all {{site.data.var.ece}} accounts with SSH access must follow an authentication workflow that requires a two-factor authentication (2FA) code and an SSH certificate, or an API token to access the environment.

Author: Google wins on this one -- more uses of "an SSH" than "a SSH" - its because when you say SSH -- S sounds like `es`

> When MFA enforcement is enabled on a project, all {{site.data.var.ece}} accounts with SSH access must follow an authentication workflow that requires a two-factor authentication (2FA) code and an SSH certificate, or an API token to access the environment.

Author: "an SSH" because when you pronounce it, it sounds like `es` -- use "an" when following word begins with vowel sound.

> When MFA enforcement is enabled on a project, all {{site.data.var.ece}} accounts with SSH access must follow an authentication workflow that requires a two-factor authentication (2FA) code and an SSH certificate, or an API token to access the environment.

Reviewer 2: Oh I like that. There are times like this when it is proper. Glad there is an exception spelled out.

{:.bs.callout-important}

> The MFA enforcement feature is not enabled by default. You must submit a Magento support request to add the feature to your project. As soon as the feature is turned on, all accounts must have 2FA enabled on their account or an API token for SSH access to the environment.

Reviewer: Remove "feature"; change "account" to "user" for clarification.
```suggestion
MFA enforcement is not enabled by default. You must submit a Magento support request to add it to your project. As soon as MFA enforcement is turned on, all users must have 2FA enabled on their account or an API token for SSH access to the environment.
```

    Welcome to Magento Cloud.

    This is environment master-7rqtabc
    of project abcdef7uyxabce.

   web@mymagento.0:~$
   ```

### Troubleshooting

If your request does not provide a valid certificate, a message similar to the following displays:

```terminal
Hello user-test (UUID: abaacca12-5cd1-4b123-9096-411add578998), you successfully
authenticated, but could not connect to service abcdef7uyxabce-master-7rqtabc--mymagento@ssh.us-3.magento.cloud:>
(reason: access requires MFA)
```

Try the following troubleshooting procedures to resolve the connection issue:

> -  Verify account TFA configuration

Author: ```suggestion
-  Verify the account TFA configuration
```

-  Authenticate again, and then reload the certificate

{:.procedure}
To verify TFA configuration and authentication:

1. On your [Cloud account][Cloud account page], click **Account settings** > **Security**.

>    If the TFA is enabled, the Security section provides options for managing the TFA configuration:

Reviewer: Remove unnecessary article - change "the TFA" to "TFA"; use active voice. 
```suggestion
   If TFA is enabled, the Security section provides options to manage the TFA configuration:
```
